MANAGEMENT POLICIES.

a- Employee Integrity.
It is the responsibility of every employee to ensure at all times that his/her work conduct is maintained at the standard
required by the company. It is the company’s responsibility to keep every employee regularly informed of his or her effectiveness or shortcomings in work performance and conduct. This
responsibility is vigilantly exercised by the supervisor(s) at every level. Professionalism, discipline and teamwork
are key’s in ensuring that employee Integrity is kept at its optimum. Appropriate disciplinary action is taken for Breach of discipline.


b- Code of Conduct/Ethics.
• To establish ethical standards and values by upholding a strong corporate culture founded on
ethical principles and sound values.
• A vital driving force behind continued company success and nurture the
organization in a positive way.
• Produce quality goods by adhering to the National and International Quality standards to promote ethical programs and to create an environment of strongly held values and convictions to make ethical conduct way of life.
• By instilling and developing values in discipline, health and safety, time management and Humanity
• Encouraging a positive attitude towards individuals and groups to enhance effective communication and relationships.


c- Company Employment Policy.
The company has documented employment policy whose highlights are as below. The company’s objective is to attract, recruit and retain motivated high performers. Some of the key highlights of the policy are: -
• Established posts falling vacant shall be filled through open sourcing where there is no suitable candidate within the firm. Development of common assessment standard is critical to identifying and securing the right talent for the Company.
• It shall be the condition of employment that an employee shall keep company affairs or issues related to business carried on by the company confidential and shall not divulge or communicate
The to any other company, person or firm without previous consent in writing of the company.


d.) Probationary period: -
All new employees are engaged on probation in the first instance. The normal period of probation is three to six months at the end of which the probationer is either confirmed, have their probation extended or have his/her services terminated in accordance with the letter of probationary appointment. d-Company Environment Policy.
LANCOLATECH is a growing provider of IT solutions. The company seeks to ensure that its activities comply fully with the relevant environmental legislation, requirement and perceived best practice.
To achieve this policy LANCOLATECH COMPANY LIMITED will: -

• Strive to gather current and reliable information on environment impacts of the goods and services it supplies and help its clients in making informed choices.
• Understand the sensitivity of customers and pressures of the growing concerns about environmental issues and assist them in complying with the best environmental practice.
•  Identify opportunities to reduce negative environmental impact at any stage and adapt changes where appropriate.
• Promote staff awareness of environmental and health issues. Require its suppliers to provide goods and services with minimum environmental impact.
Make efficient and responsible use of natural resources, prevent environmental pollution and sound waste management.


e.) Company Quality Assurance Policy. 

LANCOLATECH COMPANY LIMITED mission is to provide its clients and customers with services that exceed their expectations at all times.
The key success to fulfilling this mission is a total commitment to continuous quality improvement across its activities.

LANCOLATECH COMPANY LIMITED constantly seeks to exceed its client’s’ expectation using systems that are reliable, efficient and economical.
Our staff is encouraged to develop their skills to deliver the best possible services at all times.

LANCOLATECH COMPANY LIMITED embraces the need for a continuous improvement by striving to excel in everything it does.
We shall be grateful to be included in your list of suppliers. Do not hesitate to Contact us for any inquires and quotations.
Looking forward to receiving your favorable response and assure you of our BEST SERVICE at all times.
Thank You.
